                  
                    One of a pair of murals at the Lester McCoy Pavilion at Ala Mona Regional Park. A Works Progress Administration art project, done in the Art Deco style. It depicts various aspects of makahiki (harvest festival), imagined as taking place in the vicinity of what is now know as Ala Mona Park, makahiki pa'ani ho'oikaika (annual sports tournaments) are emphasized. This mural shows ali'i (chiefs) guided by the spirit of Lono (one of the four major Hawaiian gods, associated with peace and fertility) being presented with ho'okupu (tribute). In the distance kahuna (priests) guard the kapa (bark cloth) double banner of Lono. In the background are the silhouette of Lae'ahi (Diamond Head) and the village of Waikiki (spouting water). Sports represented are he'e holua (sled racing), mokomoko (hand-to-hand fighting), and 'ulu maika (bowling), dance and music are represented with 'uli'uli (gourd rattle), pahu (drum), and mahiole (helmet).
                  
                    Bronze figure of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole. Located at Kuhio Beach.
                  
                    One of a pair of murals at the Lester McCoy Pavilion at Ala Mona Regional Park. A Works Progress Administration art project, done in the Art Deco style. It depicts various aspects of makahiki (harvest festival), imagined as taking place in the vicinity of what is now know as Ala Mona Park, makahiki pa'ani ho'oikaika (annual sports tournaments) are emphasized. This mural depicts ali'i with their retainers traveling between villages by wa'a kaulua (double hulled canoe), a carving of Lono and kahili (feather standards) accompany them. Puowaina (Punchbowl) is shown in the background. Also depicted is he'e nalu (surfing) on olo (long surfboard) and 'o'o ihe (sport of spear throwing) whereby a group of men, at a given signal, hurl their spears at one man who would either catch the spears, dodge them, or otherwise fend them off.
                  
                    Three sets of double doors and three top panels of an aluminium alloy in the Art Deco style. Located at the Honolulu Fire Department Central Station.
                  
                    A cast bronze commemorative plaque set into a monolith. The plaque memorializes Amelia Earhart's first flight to Hawaii in 1935. Located at the Diamond Head Lookout.
                  
                    The stone bas-relief mural at the entry way to the 1939 Board of Water Supply building. The mural is executed on a series of green steatite stone blocks which depict mythical and human Hawaiian figures, flora, and animals in the upper portions flanking either side of a central doorway as well as stylized letter forming a narrative text beneath the figurative panels. The two panels, one on the Diamond Head side of the entry way and the other on the other side of the entry door both depict stories involving the god Kane and Kaneloa in a mythical story about the discovery and use of water. Located at the Board of Water Supply Engineering Building Entrance.
                  
                    A mural depicting various agricultural activities occurring in Hawaii over several time periods, from pre-contact to the 20th century. Located in the Board of Water Supply Building Lobby.
                  
                    A stylized sculpture of a giraffe with the body made of welded rebar rings. The body is articulated by using weld material to give the spotty look of the animal. The head is approximately 12" long and it peers down its mouth open, and with long eyelashes. There are ears and horns on its head and there are iron rods of about 4-6" in length that are used to articulate the hairs on the back of the giraffe's neck. The base on which the giraffe sits is made of concrete with stones set into it. The piece was installed at the Honolulu Zoo in 1992. Located at the Honolulu Zoo Elephant Exhibit.
                  
                    A roughly carved "C" form which represents "century," supported by a pillar with four Chinese characters on the sides which signify that "blessings from heaven are invoked by peace and harmony." The sculpture commemorates the 75th anniversary of the first Japanese immigrants to arrive in Hawaii. Located at Foster Botanical Garden.
                  
                    One of a pair of low-relief marble tablets of a Hawaiian couple set into a wall. Located in the Lester McCoy Pavilion Banyan Court garden.
                  
                    A hollow cast bronze bust of Neal Shaw Blaisdell, Mayor, City and County of Honolulu, 1955-1969. The bust depicts Mayor Blaisdell with a wide collared shirt and sits atop a square planter which is part of the bronze casting. The casting then rests on a rectangular exposed aggregate cast concrete pedestal base. The bronze exterior has a dark brown sulphide-type patina which has been evenly applied over the exterior. The surface of the bronze is heavily modulated with surface textures depicting hair, skin and shirt features. Located in the foyer of the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall.
                  
                    Stone sculpture of Indiana limestone of a Hawaiian woman carrying a gourd. The orientation of the sculpture has the figure looking towards Tahiti in recognition of early migrations to Hawaii. Located on the grounds of the Mission Memorial Auditorium.
                  
                    A Life-size sculpture of a seated male reading the newspaper with three mice on his shoulder; as "A visual representation of the historical and technological milestones of Hawaii." -Jodi Endicott. Located at Bishop and King Streets.
                  
                    The sculpture represents one of the purposes of the Fire Training Center-to accomplish a given goal through team work and individual sacrifice. The sculpture is an assembled piece consisting of combined individual parts working together to depict a recognizable form. Kulamanu is translated as a place where birds gather, a coming together, or gathering place. The choice of a bird form was a creative decision by the artist. It was not intended to signify a specific bird or make a statement. Located in the Charles Thurston Fire Training Center courtyard.
                  
                    Bronze bas-relief plaque of a fireman carying a girl accompanied by a policeman. Located at the Charles Thurston Fire Training Center Courtyard.
                  
                    A pair of stone Chinese guardian lion figures. Located at Dr. Sun Yat-sen Memorial Park.
                  
                    Life size stainless steel figure of a sea turtle originally titled "Turning on a Dime."
                  
                    Twelve bronze medallions each representing an animal of Chinese astrology mounted on an exterior parapet wall. The animals are modeled in medium to high relief with a background in the manner of a dish with a radiating textured finish. Located at Chinatown Gateway Plaza.
                  
                    An abstract nonrepresentational steel sculpture composed of three equidistant straight steel pipe legs connected at the top by a horizontal undulating tubular form. The steel of the sculpture is painted black overall. At groundlevel at the center, the space is defined by a stepped two-part circular concrete platform. Located at the Honolulu Civic Center.
                  
                    Three concrete figures depicted on inner tubes, two male and one female, installed on a concrete base. Located on the Honolulu Civic Center grounds.
                  
                    A bronze bell topped with a crane supported by four steel posts with a stone clad base. The bell is a replica of the bell from the tower of Urakami Cathedral in Nagasaki, Japan. Located on the Grounds of the Honolulu Civic Center near Beretania Street.
                  
                    Bronze replica of the Liberty Bell. Located in front of the Mission Memorial Building on South King Street.
                  
                    The Bertram Gardenier Rivenburgh Memorial is a figurative sculpture depicting three swimming porpoises with two porpoises swimming in tandem and the third porpoise leaping slightly overhead. Located at the Honolulu Zoo.
                  
                    Life-size standing figure of Dr. Jose Protacio Rizal, national hero of the Philipines against Spanish colonial rule who was executed at age 35 in 1896. The figure sits on a high pedestal in the style of monumental bronzes. There is a plaque in the center of the pedestal at the front, and two other plaques on the sides. Located on College Walk at North Beretania Street.
                  
                    A replica of the bell at Peace Memorial Park in Hiroshima, Japan. Located on College Walk near North Kukui Street.
                  
                    Five ten foot wide concrete panels depicting Hawaiian petroglyphs. Less than two of the panels are visible, the other panels are hidden behind the Satellite City Hall. Located at the Fort Street Mall Satellite City Hall.
                  
                    Stone hexagonal lantern in the Japanese Yukimi style. Located at the Foster Botanical Garden Daibutsu Terrace.
                  
                    Cast stone moon lantern. Located at the Foster Botanical Daibutsu Terrace.
                  
                    Cast bronze figure surmounting a granite pedestal copied from an original dated circa 1252. This treasure from Japan was presented to Honolulu to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the arrival of the first Japanese immigrants to Hawaii. Located at the Foster Botanical Garden Daibutsu Terrace.
                  
                    Ceramic sculpture of five curvilinear forms of assembled ceramic pieces, terracotta on concrete bases. Located at the Foster Botanical Garden Economic Garden.
                  
                    Larger than life stainless steel fish. Located at the Hanauma Bay Visitor Center.
                  
                    Rock garden with sculptural elements. Abstract sculpture consists of two sections. Stone used is Italian white marble and crystalina. One section is mounted to the wall, the other standing on ground. Located at the Hawaii Kai Fire Station.
                  
                    Polyester resin over a steel armature stylized sculpture sybolizing the powerful trunks of trees abounding the Makiki District of Honolulu. Commissioned for the opening of the Arcadia Retirement Residence in 1967. Located in the Frank F. Fasi Municipal Building Lobby.
                  
                    Cast bronze young elephant in a sitting position resting on a cast concrete disk with river rock aggregate. Dedicated to the memory of Empress, the Asian Elephant, c. 1932 - 14 Apr 1986. Located near the Honolulu Zoo Elephant Exhibit.
                  
                    Stainless steel figure of a standing male whooping crane. Located at the Honolulu Zoo Flamingo Exhibit.
                  
                    A relief sculpture of geckos in an environment of foliage and flowers. There are horizontal striations in the wood from carving. 4 clusters of leaves/branches are present at intervals. There are two geckos - one on each end of the relief. The left one (facing) extends out onto the side of the building approximately for 2'; the other is mounted totally on the wood. Its tail hangs down. The trunks and leaves are carved out of the same panels as the background. The geckos, which are approximately 3.5 feet long each - are carved from separate pieces of wood, which are attached to the surface of the reliefs. Installed over the entrance to the Paul L. Breese animalani. Located at the Honolulu Zoo Herpatarium entrance. Deaccessioned on September 14, 2017.
                  
                    The piece is a sculpture grouping consisting of two hippopotami that lay parallel and opposite one another with their heads resting on each other's backs. They are massive in composition, the details of their appearance are subtly articulated. They sit in a pool that is dry but has a drain. The artist was the zoo's director. The piece was constructed with the intention of its being a "play sculpture" for children. From a 1974 memo: "...the fountain will have several inches of water in it. The children of Honolulu could have a joyous time playing in the water and climbing on the hippos, whose surfaces would be made smooth, resin-coated Belonza quartz." Located at the Honolulu Zoo.
                  
                    A three-quarter scale sculpture of a seated giraffe. The giraffe is modeled after Nairobi, a reticulated giraffe born at the Honolulu Zoo in 1997. The sculpture is made of high density foam over wood framing with steel rebar. Located at the Honolulu Zoo.
                  
                    Large than life-size bronze figure of Princess Kaiulani with a peacock at her feet, eating from her hand. Located at Kaiulani Park.
                  
                    A representational figurative sculpture depicting Gandhi with a walking stick and a cloak. The entire cast bronze rests upon a polished marble tile faced concrete pedestal. Located in Kapiolani Park at Kuhio and Kapahulu Avenues.
                  
                    Life-size bronze figure of a girl. Located near the Kapiolani Park Bandstand.
                  
                    Life-size colored bronze figure of Queen Kapiolani. Located near the Kapiolani Park Bandstand.
                  
                    A stainless steel larger than life dragonfly sculpture. Located in the Kapiolani Park Bandstand pond.
                  
                    Bronze sculpture of a woman with a child at her feet. Located at the Kapolei Police Station.
                  
                    Bronze figure of Kapo with arms raised and looking up. Kapo, goddess of hula and sorcery is also a sister of the Hawaiian fire goddess Pele. Kapolei, the Lei of Kapo, refers to the wreath of light created by the sunset glow at the Winter Solstice around Pu'u O Kapolei, a volcanic cone located in Kapolei Regional park. Located at the Kapolei Police Station.
                  
                    Life-sized patinated bronze sculpture of a boy lying on his stomach on a surfboard with a seal swimming beside him. Located at Kuhio Beach at Kapahulu Avenue.
                  
                    A bronze sculpture of a life-size young man riding a surfboard atop a pedestal representing waves. Located on Kuhio Beach near Monsarrat Avenue.
                  
                    A larger than life bronze sculpture of Duke Paoa Kahanamoku with his surfboard. Located on Kuhio Beach at Uluniu Street.
                  
                    Floor mosaic of twelve figures engaged in traditional Hawaiian athletic activities, done in polished black basalt set into a flagstone floor. Located at Lester McCoy Pavilion.
                  
                    Larger than life-size bronze figure of Robert Wilcox with plinth surmounting a painted concrete pedestal with four plaques attached. Located at Wilcox Park, Fort Street Mall and King Street.
                  
                    A square plate metal base supports a vertical trunk with rebar branches to which are attached cast forms. The sculpture is widest at the center, tapering at top and bottom. A square concrete pedestal accompanies the sculpture. Located at Foster Botanical Garden.
                  
                    Monument and plaques commemorating the 100th Infantry Battalion, 442nd Regimental Combat Team, 1399th Engineer Construction Battalion and 552 Field Artillery at Fort DeRussy. Located at Fort DeRussy at Saratoga Road and KalaKaua Avenue.
                  
                    A stainless steel sculpture of three kihi kihi (Moorish idol fish) swimming around coral mounted on a concrete base. Located at the Hanauma Bay Visitor Center.
                  
                    Large than life-size bronze figure of King David Kalakaua mounted on a granite pedestal. Located at King Kalakaua Park.
                  
                    Bronze bust of musician Gabby Pahinui mounted on a concrete pedestal with a bronze plaque. Plaque reads, "Gabby 'Pops' Pahinui, 1921-1980, A legend in his own time, Gabby, with his mastery of slack-key guitar and falsetto singing style, sparked a musical renaissance throughout Hawaii. His mana continues to inspire those who love Hawaiian music. Sculpture by Jan-Michelle Sawyer." Located near the entrance of the Waikiki Shell.
                  
                    Standing bronze figure of Dr. Sun Yat Sen installed on a pedestal. Located at Sun Yat-Sen Mall.
                  
                    Five rectilinear slabs pierced by a massive column resting on a low horizontal base. Chinese calligraphy are inscribed into the surface, they translate as follows: one side "Forever Spring," another side "The eagle flies and reaches heaven; the fish leap in the deep," a third side "Myriad years if health and happiness," the last side "Within the four seas, all men are brothers." Each quote is from a separate historic Chinese poem. The River Street Mall borders both sides of the Nuuanu Stream and encompasses part of Chinatown. The sculpture reflects the history of the site, where immigrants from the Orient first entered Hawaii. Located at Sun Yat-Sen Mall.
                  
                    Half scale replica of the Torii gate of Itsukushima at Miyajima, constructed in Hiroshima. Dedicated on January 22, 2002. Located in the triangle park at King and Beretania Streets.
                  
                    Ceramic tile mural of Hanauma Bay, "hana" meaning bay and "uma" meaning hand wrestling in Hawaiian. Hanauma can also mean curved bay. The underwater scene depicts a arch resembling two hands wrestling with fish, turtles, and coral. The inner border of the arch forms the outline of the Island of Oahu. Located at the Hanauma Bay Visitor Center.
                  
                    Seated figure of a male with a net draped across his outstretched legs. His arms extend over the net, as he is in the act of mending it. He holds a tool in his proper right hand. The figure sits on a natural boulder which is placed in a man-made pool. There are waterfalls behind the figure as part of a landscaped fountain. Located at the triangle park at King Street and Kapiolani Boulevard.
                  
                    Three-quarter scale bronze figure of a woman resting on a bench. Located on the Neal Blaisdell Center Concert Hall lawn.
                  
                    A site-specific sculpture with architectural elements creating a theatrical space which invites participation by viewers walking though and around, or sitting leisurely. Each of the elements have specific references to the  surrounding neighborhood such as features of Honolulu Chinatown, Aloha Tower, Nuuanu Stream, waterfront buildings, and bridges. Located in the Marin Tower courtyard.
                  
                    An abstract sculpture on a broad rectangular base with block seating. The River Street Mall borders both sides of the Nuuanu Stream and encompasses part of Chinatown. This sculpture reflects the history of the site, where immigrants from the Orient first entered Hawaii. Located at College Walk near North Kukui Street.
                  
                    Seven separate abstract sculptures, which are placed in two groups within the park; one group of three, and the other of four sculptures. The sculptures are low to the ground, consisting of terraced shapes, with the addition of arches on three of the sculptures. Located at Old Stadium Park.
                  
                    A multi-colored geometric abstract tapestry.
                  
                    A painted wall relief consisting of over 200 small painted panels affixed to a wall depicting a view of the ocean and horizon beyond tree trunks and branches done in subtle gray and blue tones. Located at the Medical Examiner Facility entry.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Ocean Series depicting whales with a sting ray border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Ocean Series depicting turtles with a naupaka border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Ocean Series depicting octopi. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Ocean Series depicting frigate birds and tropicbirds with a mangrove blossom border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Ocean Series depicting black crabs with opihi in the border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Land Series depicting breadfruit with a fish border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Land Series depicting ti leaves with shell borders. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Land Series depicting gourds with a shell border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Land Series depicting plam leaves with a seed border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Land Series depicting taro with a prawn motif border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Mountain Series depicting kukui leaves with a kukui nut border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A larger ceramic urn from the artist's Mountain Series depicting i‘iwi birds with a maohiohi plant border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Mountain Series depicting lawai fern with a fiddlehead fern motif border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Mountain Series depicting nene geese with a lehua flower border motif. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A large ceramic urn from the artist's Mountain Series depicting lauhala with a seed motif border. Located at the Alapai Police Station.
                  
                    A mosaic filling a niche at the front entrance of the Alapai Police Station depicting tropical foliage against a starry sky.
                  
                    Wool and linen tapestry.
                  
                    Wool and linen tapestry.
                  
                    Polychrome on cement brick mural made up of 4 inch squares; the stylized two color motif in brown on cream depicts figures separated by vegetation. Located in the Booth District Park Recreation Building.
                  
                    Contemporary fountain of concrete, wood and copper, edged with stone; in the shape of an off-centered pyramid, with outside surfaces of terrazzo. It rises out of a shallow pool. At the upper section of the fountain are cut-out sections or windows on four sides, each shaped according to the plane of the pyramid. At the top of the fountain is a large copper pan, a reversed pyramid in design. Water cascades down the sides of the pyramid. This fountain was designed and installed as part of the second phase of building the Lester McCoy Pavilion which was completed in October 1975. Located at Lester McCoy Pavilion.
                  
                    Memorial monument consisting of eight cut stones in three groupings dedicated to Myron "Pinky" Thompson. One of the cut stones is engraved with text. Located at the Myron "Pinky" Thompson Canoe Halau in Hawaii Kai.
                  
                    Ship's bell from the USS Honolulu. Located on the first floor of Honolulu Hale.
                  
                    Stoneware vase.
                  
                    Carved marble fishook on a granite base.
                  
                    Mural of white glazed and semi-glazed ceramic tiles mounted on wood panels. Located at the Pali Golf Course Clubhouse ballroom entry.
                  
                    Bronze bust of Queen Emma. Plaque reads "Queen Emma 1836-1885." Located in Queen Emma Square.
                  
                    A five-part mural depicting images through time of Kapolei. Located in the foyer of Kapolei Hale.
                  
                    Stone and metal monument commemorating the 100th anniversary of Korean immigration to Hawaii and the United States of America. The tall stone represents Korea; the smaller stone, in the shape of Diamond Head, symbolizes the United States, specifically Hawaii. The greenish bronze element adjacent to the tall stone conveys the crooked backs of laborers and the tools of plantation workers. The other greenish bronze element represents the prow of an immigrant ship and the high hopes for the future. The small angular stones depict the Hawaiian islands. The embedded white stones represent the more than 7,000 early Korean immigrants to the United States. The circular perimeter provides a sense of harmony and conveys the friendship between Korea and the United States. Located at Pawaa Inha Neighborhood Park.
                  
                    Wooden free-standing semi-circular sculpture with plaques carved in relief and laser engraved panels on front portion of sculpture commemorating the events of September 11, 2001. Broken tempered glass is meant to be scattered below the carved figures.
                  
                    Ceramic mural made of 50 individual panels. Located at the Neal Blaisdell Center Exhibition Hall Carla Coray Galleria.
                  
                    Painted layered wood mural depicting people of Chinatown that are seen from the Chinatown Gateway Building. The work represents the incredible mix of people of all ages, races, and economic groups, that pass by the building daily. Located at the Chinatown Gateway Plaza lobby.
                  
                    Koa display case built to house artifacts excavated from the Marin Tower site during construction and historical photographs. Located in the Marin Tower Lobby.
                  
                    Koa display case built to house artifacts excavated from the Marin Tower site during construction and historical photographs. Located in the Marin Tower Lobby.
                  
                    Glass sculpture consisting of a bowl and several smaller pieces, in total there are ten parts.
                  
                    Rectangular plaque of  solid cast bronze with text in the central portion, large medallions are cast in relief on either side of the text. The medallion on the proper left contains a profile portrait of Mayor Blaisdell. The medallion on the proper right contains the seal of the City and County of Honolulu. Located at the Neal Blaisdell Center Concert Hall.
                  
                    Cast glass window for Harbor Village.
                  
                    A life-size bronze sculpture of a young girl with long hair in a short dress walking and putting on a backpack that holds a teddy bear. The sculpture is installed on a concrete pedestal. Located along Beretania Street near Alapai Street.
                  
                    Monument of five plastic coated panels mounted in metal frames. Site consists of a circular concrete pathway with a tree in the center with two semicircular stone walls where the plaques are mounted. Located at Han L'Orange Park Baseball Field.
                  
                    Bas-relief wall sculpture, brass, copper, and turquoise colored of petroglyphic figures, birds, and various plant life; of 26 individual parts in 52 pieces. Located in the Neal Blaisdell Center Concert Hall lobby.
                  
                    Hawaiian motif decorative panels in Hawaiian motifs comprised of enamelled metal sections attached to a wood backing. Located at the Neal Blaisdell Center Arena.
                  
                    The centennial monument for Portuguese immigration to Hawaii and is a replica of a padrao monument in Portugal dedicated to Diogo Cao, an early Portuguese navigator. A padrao is a cross-shaped monument that Portuguese navigators used to mark newly-explored territory. Located on Fort Street Mall at Beretania Street.
                  
                    A fused glass mural depicting water. Located at the entryway of Kapolei Hale.
                  
                    Mosaic of limestone and basalt tesserae in pink, black and beige, in a compass dial motif, with the Fleur-de-lis pointing north and the Cross of the Order of Christ pointing east. Located on Fort Street Mall at Beretania Street.
                  
                    A group of three carved basalt stones resembling pigs. Located at the Honolulu Zoo Children's Center.
                  
                    Burial mound for internment of human remains dicovered in Waikiki due to construction. The title translates to "The Place of Loving Remembrance." Located in Kapiolani Park at Kapahulu and Kalakaua Avenues.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located at Kuhio Beach near Kapahulu Avenue.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located at Kaiulani Park.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located at Duke Kahanamoku Park.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located at Kuhio Beach near Ohua Street.
                  
                    An arragement of four large boulders dating to pre-Western contact enclosed by a fence. Located at Kuhio Beach at Kaiulani Avenue.
                  
                    Oil on canvas painting mounted on panel depicting a map of Oahu with its many water divisions.
                  
                    Ceramic sculpture of a Hawaiian figure wearing a mahiole helmet adorned with kapa, and a kapa malo loincloth, the lower portion of figure is cylindrical. The figure is mounted on a wooden pedestal.
                  
                    Six panel mural, oil on panel, depicting children playing/flying near a stream in a Hawaiian forest. Located at the Kaneohe District Park Gymnasium.
                  
                    A complex comprised of a salt water pool, viewing stand, and lavatories situated on a beachfront parcel at Queen's Beach; built in honor of the veterans of World War I.
                  
                    Bronze "Roll of Honor" plaque listing 101 Hawaii citizens killed in World War I. Located at Queen's Beach.
                  
                    Sculpture of a stylized flower capped with a chrome sphere. Located in the moat of the Neal Blaisdell Center Arena.
                  
                    A tiered circular water fountain. Located at Pohakupu Park.
                  
                    A circular tiered water fountain fronting the entrance to the main building of the Board of Water Supply.
                  
                    Two pairs of etched steel panels on steel elevator doors of  scenes relating to water and depicting a figure in traditional Hawaiian dress. Located at the Board of Water Supply main building's first floor elevators.
                  
                    A carved and cast Japanese stone lantern. Located in the Honolulu Hale Japanese Garden.
                  
                    Stone sculpture of a Japanese pagoda given to commemorate the 100th anniversay of Japanese immigration to Hawaii. Located at the Honolulu Japanese Garden.
                  
                    Bust depicting the Supreme Master Ching Hai. Hat and robe portions of bust are painted yellow. Located near the Hoomaluhia Botanical Garden Visitor Center.
                  
                    One of a pair of low-relief marble tablets of a Hawaiian couple playing nose flutes set into a wall. Located at the Lester McCoy Pavilion Banyan Court garden.
                  
                    Japanese stone lantern. Located at the Foster Botanical Garden Daibutsu Terrace.
                  
                    Bronze bust with front torso of Israel "Bruddah Iz" Kamakawiwo‘ole. Located at the Waianae Neighborhood Community Center. Plaque reads "Israel Ka‘ano‘i Kamakawiwo‘ole, May 20, 1959 - June 26, 1997, In a gentle voice, he spoke through his music to Hawai‘i and worlds beyond of love and respect for the values of his Ni‘ihau heritage. Strong in his faith, loving husband and father, he envisioned a Sovereign land of promise for the keiki. Israel's sweet music reflected a deep attachment to the ‘aina and to his people, especially of the Wai‘anae Coast, his beloved and final home of rainbows. Ua mau mai e ka pono mai ka makua lani mai, Sculpture by Jan-Michelle Sawyer"
                  
                    Bronze plaque commemorating the start of construction on the Neal Blaisdell Center Theater - Concert Hall. Located at the Neal Blaisdell Center Concert Hall lawn.
                  
                    A carved marble tablet mounted on a basalt stone with the inscription: "In memory of Samuel "Sammy" E. Amato, Mar. 24, 1906-Nov. 28, 1978. A dedicated public servant who devoted countless hours beyond the call of duty to the Neal S. Blaisdell center where he served from March 1969 to September 1978." Located on the Neal Blaisdell Center arena lawn.
                  
                    Three concrete gateways named for President Franklin Delano Roosevelt who visited Honolulu for the dedication of Ala Moana Park on July 27, 1934. Located in Ala Moana Regional Park at Atkinson Drive.
                  
                    A double arched Art Deco pedestrian bridge included in the overall building project of Ala Moana Park, financed by Works Progress Administration funds. Located in Ala Moana Regional Park.
                  
                    Two relief murals of vibrant colors with circles and a meandering pattern flanking the playground building. Located at Dole Community Park.
                  
                    Tiered circular water fountain given in memory of Walter A. Dillingham. Located in Kapiolani Park along Kalakaua Avenue.
                  
                    City hall of the City and County of Honolulu, officially known as Honolulu Hale. The building has elements of Italian, Moorish, and Spanish Colonial design. Located on South King Street at Punchbowl Street.
                  
                    Translucent motorized skylight above the courtyard of Honolulu Hale.
                  
                    Ceiling frescoes of Honolulu Hale. Frescoes in the foyer and courtyard use traditional designs of natives of the American Southwest. The fresco in City Council chambers depict scenes of Hawaiians at work and play.
                  
                    Lester McCoy Pavilion dedication plaque.
                  
                    A Chilkat Indian Totem Pole carved by five Chilkat Indians from Southeastern Alaska over three days in Honolulu. Presented to Governor John A. Burns, State of Hawaii by the State of Alaska, Alaskan Business Council and Western Airlines in 1970. The top carving is of a grizzly bear, symbol of strength and protection. It guards the middle figure, which represents the Governor of the State. The bottom image is that of the brown bear holding a money piece or "tinah." The tinah represents the promise of great and mutually profitable trade between the states of Hawaii and Alaska. The totem pole is carved out of red cedar. Located at Foster Botanical Garden.
                  
                    A large stone set in the gound with a polished face containing a memorial inscription. Inscription reads "This canoe halau is dedicated to Gardner Kaaihue Brown in May 2004." Located at the Keehi Lagoon Beach Park Canoe Halau.
                  
                    Bronze plaque located on a column in the courtyard of Marin Tower honoring Don Francisco de Paula Marin. Located at the Marin Tower courtyard.
                  
                    The Mission Memorial Auditorium is one of the three buildings that comprise the Mission Memorial Building Complex. The complex originally served as the headquarters of the Hawaii Evangelical Association, part of the Hawaiian Mission Children's Society. It is a red brick, Georgian plan, Neo-Classical structure.
                  
                    Aluminum sculpture of two circular forms painted red, consisting of two parts each resting on a base plate.
                  
                    Oil painting on canvas mounted on plywood panels is a montage of figures in action of various water sports, such as diving, swimming, surfing, canoe paddling and Bogey boarding with the Aquatic Center and Waianae Mountains in the background. Located at the Veteran's Memorial Aquatic Center.
                  
                    Oil on canvas on wood panel mural. "This painting is depicting many people are having big fun at the big pool." - Mari Sakamoto. Located at the Veteran's Memorial Aquatic Center.
                  
                    A group of three sculptures of larger than life figures depicting people in inner tubes as they drift along in the water. One inner tube is empty, inviting the viewer to partake of the action. Located at the Veteran's Memorial Aquatic Center pool.
                  
                    Acrylic painting on plywood depicting of divers, swimmers, surfers, windsurfers and sea life in a romantic light filled setting. Located at the Veteran's Memorial Aquatic Center.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located along Ala Wai Boulevard near Ainakoa Street.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located along Fort DeRussy at Ala Moana Boulevard and Kalakaua Avenue.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located in Don Ho Park at Kalakaua Avenue and Beachwalk.
                  
                    A bronze plaque with the following inscription: " A lasting memorial to the many great athletes who have played here. This park was the site of the Honolulu Stadium (1926-1976), affectionately known as "The Termite Palace" in its later years. The 26,000 seat stadium was often filled to capacity for activities that included: barefoot football, pro and semi-pro baseball, high school athletic events, stock car races, UH football, polo, carnivals, boxing, Boy Scout Makahiki, aquacades, concerts, and track and field meets." "Plaque donated by Hawaii Recreation and Park Association, UH Na Koa Football Club, St. Louis Alumni Association and many other groups and individuals, September 1994." The plaque has an image of the stadium signed by Pimental. Located at Old Stadium Park.
                  
                    Curved bench monument of red brick with a water fountain on the proper left side, with a plaque containing the following inscription: "Dedicated to the Memory of Moses Manuwai, 1906-1948, Lifeguard, who devoted his life to the protection of bathers in these waters. Contributed by Friends." Located at Queen's Surf Beach near Lifeguard Tower 2F.
                  
                    Bronze memorial plaque with the inscription "Harry G. Yoshimura, in honor of his Moiliili roots (1905) and his far reaching effects on the community, dedicated on April 1994." Located at the triangle park at King and Beretania Streets.
                  
                    Two bronze figures of male fire fighters dressed for action in Honolulu Fire Department uniforms at the ready with a fire hose. Located at Hale Kinai Ahi.
                  
                    A paisley shaped teardrop weaving made of black rubber material (tire inner tubes).
                  
                    Dedication plaque of Ala Moana Park for Charles Lester McCoy. Located at Lester McCoy Pavilion.
                  
                    National Park Service Registered Natural Landmark designation plaque for Diamond Head. Located in Kapiolani Park at Kalakaua Avenue.
                  
                    A time capsule, a one-foot square copper box set in concrete; located in the ruins of an old lily pond; containting the following: a string bikini, a Frisbee, a long-tailed plastic kite, slides, videotapes, microfilm, and a Honolulu Marathon T-shirt. Located in Kapiolani Park near the Kapiolani Park Bandstand.
                  
                    Bronze dedication plaque of Kuhio Beach improvements completed in 2000.
                  
                    Dedication plaque from Arbor Day, November 5, 1971, launching the City and County of Honolulu Department of Traffic's beautification program. Located at Punchbowl and Hotel Streets.
                  
                    Cast bronze plaque mounted on a rock with the inscription: "In Memory of Dr. Wilhelm Hillebrand, 1821-1886, German Physician and Botanist, Founder of Foster Garden, Chief Physician of Queen's Hospital. He dedicated his life to Hawaii." Located at Foster Botanical Garden Croton Terrace.
                  
                    Monument commemorating the events of September 11, 2001, that include an eternal flame and plaque. Structure is made of plywood covered in synthetic stone. Located in front of Honolulu Hale.
                  
                    Three pairs of bronze doors. Door pulls are stylized lei niho palaoa. Located at the main entrance of the first floor of Honolulu Hale.
                  
                    Stainless steel figure of a feeding female whooping crane. Located in the Honolulu Zoo Flamingo Exhibit.
                  
                    Plaque bearing the following description: "This park is dedicated in memory of Frank Case Judd, 1915-1976, State Legislator 1959-1972, a man of love, character and integrity whose life enriched Hawaii and the lives of all who knew him. This plaque is given by his wife Janice, his family, classmates, colleagues and friends. October 25, 1977." Plaque has a relief portrait and is mounted on a boulder. Located at Frank C. Judd Park, the park was former site of the American Legion Clubhouse which burned down on March 24, 1971.
                  
                    Plaque with releif portrait medallion in honor of the dedication of the Mother Waldron Playground in 1937. Located at the Mother Waldron Neighborhood Park stage.
                  
                    Bronze memorial plaque with the inscription: "Kihachi and Shika Kashiwabara, the first Japanese immigrants to settle in Moiliili (1893), dedicated on April 1994." Located at the triangle park at King and Beretania Streets.
                  
                    In-filled black granite plaque with a single line border design commemorating the naming of the Waianae District Park Gymnasium after Sinyei Nakamine. Located at the Waianae District Park Gymnasium.
                  
                    The time capsule commemorating the City and County of Honolulu Centennial. The time capsule is installed within the Frank F. Fasi Civic Center Directory marker. Installed on April 13, 2007, to be opened in 2056. Located on the grounds of the Honolulu Civic Center.
                  
                    A lifesize bronze statue of Elvis Presley from the 1973 "Aloha from Hawaii" concert with guitar and microphone on a stand. The figure stands atop a bronze pedestal. "Elvis, Aloha from Hawaii, The World's First Satellite TV Concert, January 14, 1973. With supreme talent and sincere humility, Elvis Presley made his gift the world's. 'Thank you. Thank you very much.' From the People of TV Land." Located at Neal Blaisdell Center.
                  
                    Plaque for "Neal S. Blaisdell Center, dedicated 1964, Exhibition Hall expansion, galleria and meeting facilities, dedicated September 1995, Mayor Jeremy Harris, City Council, John DeSoto, Chair, Duke Bainum, John Henry Felix, Mufi Hannemann, Steve Holmes, Donna Mercado Kim, Rene Mansho, Andy Mirikitani, Jon Yoshimura." Located on the Neal Blaisdell Center lawn.
                  
                    Waikiki Historic Trail marker shaped like a surfboard with a porcelain enamel metal sign attached. Located at Kuhio Beach near Monsarrat Avenue.
                  
                    An outdoor sculpture pedestal and surrounding tile mosaic for the sculpture entitled "Sun Yat-sen" by I-Fan Chen. It is a three-tiered octagonal pedestal of polished solid black granite. Located along Sun Yat-Sen Mall.
                  
                    Statue of Sun Yat-sen as a boy aged 13 years old dressed in traditional Chinese garments: hat, jacket, tunic, and shoes; carrying two books in his right hand. The accompanying plaque reads, "'This is my Hawaii... here I was brought up and educated; and it was here that I came to know what modern, civilized governments are like and what they mean.' Dr. Sun Yat-sen. In 1879, at the age of thirteen, Sun Yat-sen came to Hawaii from Zhongshan, China. It was here in Honolulu, that he spent many of his teenage years growing up and being educated. China's first revolutionary society the Xing Zhong Hui (Revive China Society) was organized in Hawaii in 1894. Sun Yat-sen went to overthrow the Qing Dynasty and establish a democratic China in 1911. The dedication of this statue recognizes t he sacrifice and support of the people of Hawaii in nurturing the roots of 'Modern China' and it's Founding Father. The Dr. Sun Yat-sen Hawaii Foundation, November 12, 2007." Located in Dr. Sun Yat-sen Memorial Park.
                  
                    Wall clock set into the stone above the second floor landing of the grand staircase of the Honolulu Hale courtyard.
                  
                    A sculpture from Incheon Metropolitan City, Republic of Korea gifted to the City and County of Honolulu entitled, "Become a Star" by artist Mr. Moon-Young Lee and and manufactured in July 2008 of metal and stone. The shapes of  the sculpture symbolize a ship floating on the sea surrounded by floating seaweed with the embodiment of the moon and signifiers of the stars in the skies of the Republic of Korea and the United States of America, representing the mutual exchanges of the countries' peoples and the nostalgia of immigrants. The sculpture was created to promote active exchanges and cooperation between Incheon Metropolitan City and the City and County of Honolulu.
                  
                    Monument marker for the site of the Japanese Central Institute of Hawaii. Concrete marker with inset stone plaque.
                  
                    Bronze plaque set into a stone wall that reads, "Waimanalo Beach Park Pavilion, in memory of, Gabby "Pop" Pahinui, April 22, 1921, October 13, 1980." Located at the Waimanalo Beach Park Pavilion.
                  
                    Art Deco concrete pillar monument to memorialize military from the Waialua and Kahuku area of Oahu, Hawaii that lost their lives during World War II, and the Korean War. The monument is capped with a glass and metal enclosure. There are large bronze plaques on three sides of the monument's base. The monument is contained within a low circular concrete wall. Leading to the monument is a concrete path flanked with 17 large shell casings mounted upright in concrete blocks with chain strung between them.
                  
                    Japanese bell within a temple housing erected for the Festival for World Peace in Hawaii, December 10, 1991. Located at Neal S. Blaisdell Park.
                  
                    A sculpture depicting part of a large upright sharpened wooden pencil made of plywood and laminated white pine.
                  
                    A bronze sculpture depicting a seated girl with outstretched arms holding butterflies.
                  
                    Located on 12th Avenue near Waialae Avenue lies a small boulder with a bronze plaque. The plaque has a textured back-ground with raised text in sans-serif fonts, all capitals. The text describes the history of Kaikuki and the origins of the name. Plaque has raised frame of approximately 1/2" around the edges. The plaque is mounted on a volcanic boulder with heavily sanded mortar.
                  
                    Four panel frieze in high relief depicting the evolution of a volcanic island.
                  
                    A Jizo statue on a cliff near the Halona Blowhole set up as a monument to fishermen who lost their life at sea in the area.
                  
                    A pair of bronze dedication plaques for the Herbert K. Pililaau Community Park. The plaques read: "Private First Class Herbert K. Pililaau Field named in honor of the first recipient in Hawaii of the Congressional Medal of Honor of the United States of America, posthumously awarded for conscious gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty in action against the enemy near Pia-Ri Korea 17 September 1951." "Plaque erected by Waianae Civic Association, American Legion Pililaau Post 12, Hawaiian Civic Club, Waianae Businessmen's Association, Boy Scouts of America Troop 18 Cub Pack 18, Waianae Parent Teachers Association, Board of Public Parks and Recreation, City and County of Honolulu, 1955."
                  
                    Herbert K. Pililaau Community Park dedication plaque; engraved stone; telling the story of Congressional Medal of Honor Herbert K. Pililaau.
                  
                    A mural created by Leilehua High School (Wahiawa, Hawaii) students in November 2009. The mural depicts young people exploring a pineapple field in central Oahu.
                  
                    Satin-finished steel plaque with black-filled, etched text and inset border with the following inscription: "Waimanalo District Park Multi-Sport Building, In recognition and appreciation of community members whose participation in the Waimanalo vision process resulted in the social, cultural and recreational enrichment of our community, Mayor Jeremy Harris, City and County of Honolulu."
                  
                    Bronze plaque relating the history of the Lestor McCoy Pavilion.
                  
                    Bronze dedication plaque with profile of Indira Gandhi commemorating a gift of a young female elephant, Mari, from the children of India to the children of Hawaii.
                  
                    A bronze plaque with a profile medallion.
                  
                    Commemorative bronze plaque with portrait of David Watumull.
                  
                    Bronze plaque mounted on a decorative moss rock base (from Koko Head) with an inscription marking the site of Honolulu's first artesian well. Located along Wilder Avenue near Artesian Way.
                  
                    An engraved wood plaque dedicating Mayor Frank Fasi into the Honolulu Marathon Hall of Fame as a founder of the Honolulu Marathon.
                  
                    A bronze plaque set in a stone wall in honor of Rear Admiral Richard Darton Thomas of the British Royal Navy who restored the sovereignty of King Kamehameha III in 1843. Located in Thomas Square along Beretania Street.
